Don't instruct users to remove .lotus during upgrades (#572)
filecoin-project/filecoin-docs: docs/get-started/lotus/upgrades.md

**You will need to stop and start the daemon again after installing the new version**.
:::

## Soft-delete the Lotus data

At some point, you may need to soft-delete the [lotus configuration](configuration-and-advanced-usage.md) folder located at `~/.lotus` (or, if manually set, at `$LOTUS_PATH`).  For example, in the case of a network reset where an existing chain is rebooted from scratch. The best way to do this is to move `~/.lotus` into another directory that will not interfere with the Lotus application. Without a `~/.lotus` folder, the Lotus daemon will create a new one on boot, along with a new wallet and chain data.

```bash
mv ~/.lotus ~/.lotus-pre-reset
```

> If you manually set your `$LOTUS_PATH` variable, find out what the variable is set to, and update it accordingly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you manually set your `$LOTUS_PATH` variable, find out what the variable is set to, and move your Lotus data accordingly:
```
